README.md, before:

## Intro

VNDB, is an acronym of *VNDB Novel Data Breakup*, which is also the abbreviation of *Visual Novel DataBase*.

It has the companion scripts for [VNDB User List Exporter](https://github.com/Vinfall/UserScripts#list)
for my personal use.
Although I started with general applications in mind, I became more interest in visualization
using `ggplot2` package provided by R language and discarded availability for others in the end.

## Usage

TBH it's not meant to be used by others, but anyway here is the recipe.

0. Export your VNDB user list and place it in the top directory first, the `XML` from VNDB won't work
cuz the sanitizer would only recognize the one exported by [VNDB User List Exporter](https://github.com/Vinfall/UserScripts#list).
You can also use [the provided example file](example/vndb-list-export-20240101.csv) to take a look at the results.

1. Install Python, R & respective dependencies:

```python
# Python
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

```r
# R
install.packages("tidyverse")
```

2. Now run the sanitizer and plot generator:

```sh
python ./vndb-sanitizer.py
Rscript ./vndb-plot.r
```

3. Check `output` for the ugly (toldya) plots

## [License](LICENSE)

WTFPL

Commit message:

py: support multiple files & length votes

README.md, after:

## Intro

VNDB, is an acronym of *VNDB Novel Data Breakup*, which is also the abbreviation of *Visual Novel DataBase*.

It contains the companion scripts for [VNDB List Export](https://github.com/Vinfall/UserScripts#list) for my personal use.
Although I started with general applications in mind, I became more interest in visualization
using `ggplot2` package provided by R language and discarded availability for others in the end.

## Usage

TBH it's not meant to be used by others, but anyway here is the recipe.

0. Export VNDB VN/length vote list with [instruction provided here](https://github.com/Vinfall/UserScripts?tab=readme-ov-file#vndb-list-export)
and place it in the top directory, the vanilla `XML` VNDB export will NOT work.
You can also use [the counterfeit example](example/vndb-list-export-20240101.csv) to take a look at the results.

1. Install Python, R & respective dependencies:

```python
# Python
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

```r
# R
install.packages("tidyverse")
install.packages("corrplot")
```

2. Now run the sanitizer and plot generator:

```sh
python ./vndb-sanitizer.py
Rscript ./vndb-plot.r
```

3. Check `output` for the ugly (toldya) plots

## [License](LICENSE)

WTFPL
